The Dragon King Treasure Vase Yoga - Part 1
By Grand Master Lu, February 4, 1990, Hong Kong
Translated by Janny Chow.
The Cause of the Dragon King Yoga
Good evening, everyone! Since just a few days ago we celebrated the Chinese New Year, I would like to wish everyone here Kung Hei Fat Choi! (applause)
We are all happy to hear the words Fat Choi (making money)! I am so happy to have the opportunity to greet everyone here tonight, as I so rarely get the chance to do so. I am very excited to see everyone so enthusiastic.
Since the Chinese New Year occurred so recently, I thought it would be appropriate to discuss and teach the Dragon King Yoga today. Actually, the teaching of this Dragon King Yoga was requested by the Dragon King himself. Through me, He wants everyone to know that such a yoga exists because, up till now, it has not been transmitted by anyone. Or, if it has, I have not heard of it.
We know that in Buddhist scriptures there are many references to the Dragon King because, when Buddha Shakyamuni delivered his teachings, Devas, Dragons, and other members of the Eight Supernatural Beings often came to listen and give support. Our ceremony here today is also supported by the Devas, Dragons, and the rest of the Eight Supernatural Beings.
Please do not be alarmed when I tell you that there are fifteen Dragons up in the space before us today.
Not sixteen, not fourteen, but exactly fifteen Dragons. Fifteen Dragons are here today to support our ceremony.
Many Buddhas and Bodhisattvas are also here today. We can see Amitabha, Bodhisattva Kuan Yin, the Four Celestial Kings, the Dharma Protectors Vajrapani and Kuan-ti, and numerous other Buddhas and Bodhisattvas.
One of the Buddhas present is the Venerable Dragon King Buddha, he being one of the 35 Buddhas mentioned in the Repentance Article. The Venerable Dragon King Buddha, a very great buddha, has descended to us today with fifteen other Dragon Kings because they found out that I am going to talk about the Dragon King Yoga today.
In my next book, the 86th one, called The Flying Illumination of Lights and Shadows, I will write about how the Dragon King has come to entreat me to talk about this Yoga. To the north of Seattle in the United States is an island called Kometal Island. This island is in the Pacific Ocean. One day, several students and I were in a park on the island, admiring the ocean view. Master Always-wise and Master Always-kind were also there. It was dusk and the ocean was very calm, just like a mirror, without any waves on its surface.
All of a sudden, the water in the middle of the Pacific Ocean started swirling up! This turbulence is kind of like the bubbling of boiling water in the middle of the hot pot when we are having a hot pot dinner. It sounded like this, "Buh, huh, buy."
All the students there saw and heard this strange scene and sound. At that time, I was murmuring a mantra.
Oh yes, one of the students there at the time is also present with us today, Miss Fong-cheng. She is probably sitting among the audience right now.
It was very strange! Only the water in front of us was tumbling all over while the rest of the ocean surface was still very calm, just like a mirror. So I spoke to the ocean, "That's all right, that's quite sufficient. Please calm down!"
Soon the turbulence lessened and the ocean was quiet again. However, not a minute after I finished the sentence, the ocean started to tumble all over again! I took a look and oh, my goodness, the dragon's family was there! Earlier it had been the father and now it was the mother. I told her that she needn't be so courteous, having one representative from the family was enough!
At this, the water turned calm for a little while but, in less than a minute, it was bubbling all over again. Wow! This time it was more tumultuous than before-there were more than ten waves rolling all the way to shore. This time the Dragon sons, daughters, and grand children had all come! So I folded my palms in gratitude, thanking them for coming such a long way to see me.
Actually the Dragon King wanted me to transmit this Dragon King Yoga. He had shown himself in the space above the tumultuous water. The people around me saw only the water tumbling; they could not see the Dragon King. This being the case, I conversed with the Dragon King in my own way.
The Dragon King told me, "It is true that Jambhala, the Wealth Deity, is the wealthiest deity in the Heaven of this world. Since the True Buddha School has enlisted Jambhala as one of the Eight Principal Deities for cultivation, Jambhala has become truly famous all over the world. Many cultivators now start their meditation practice with the Jambhala Yoga, reasoning that it is important for them to be rid of their financial worries first before they can devote full effort to walking the path toward Enlightenment. There is nothing wrong with this. One needs to solve one's financial problems so that one can concentrate and sit down to do meditation. When one attains the power of concentration, then wisdom will come. Wisdom has to be there first before one attains realization. Since so many True Buddha School disciples are cultivating the Jambhala Yoga, even reciting the Jambhala mantra while walking and sleeping, Jambhala is really getting too busy!"
The Dragon King then continued, "How can we let Jambhala overwork himself? In the skies, Jambhala is the greatest Wealth Deity but, in the ocean, the Dragon King is the greatest God of Wealth! Jambhala is just too busy while I do nothing!"
Do you know what this Dragon King then said? He told me that he had so much leisure that he spent his time just grabbing seaweeds and sea lions, while swimming and rollicking in the ocean because no one asked him for anything.
Perhaps, you wonder, after hearing all this, whether I am truly on such good terms with the Dragon King? While it is true that the Dragon King and I are on very good terms, still, I am not the Dragon King's son-in-law (laughter). In Taiwan, there is a folk saying: when someone commits suicide by jumping into the ocean, one becomes the son-in-law of the Dragon King. Well, I am not the Dragon King's son-in-law, but I am very fond of swimming in the ocean. When I was a boy, my favorite place to swim was the Hsitzu Bay at Kaohsiung Harbor in Taiwan. I would dive to the bottom of the bay to look for things to bring up to the surface. At that time, I didn't swim to the Dragon King's Palace and had not yet made the acquaintance of the Dragon King.
The Third Person to go to the Dragon King's Palace
It was much later, after I started my cultivation practice, when I was actually able to visit the Dragon King's Palace during my meditation. According to the Buddhist scriptures, two people have visited the Dragon King's Palace. The first one was the founder of our Buddhist religion, Buddha Shakyamuni, who went there to teach the Dharma.
At that time Buddha Shakyamuni did not use an oxygen tank or put on a diving suit. What happened was that the Dragon King invited Buddha Shakyamuni to go to the Dragon King Palace to give teachings, so a staircase was fashioned out of water which led all the way into the Palace. On this staircase, Buddha Shakyamuni and his attendants, together with a few arahats, walked all the way into the Dragon King's Palace.
The second person who went to the Dragon King's Palace was Bodhisattva Nagarjuna. Of course Bodhisattva Nagarjuna could visit the Dragon King's Palace because he belonged to the family of the Dragons.
Well, we are also members of the Dragon family because we are the "Descendants of the Dragons" (laughter). [Editor's note: "Descendants of the Dragons" is a popular Chinese song.]
Our Master Always-wise loves to sing this song. Maybe he can sing for us next time when we have a Karaoke (sing-along). With practice, he's getting better and better with this song, though we enjoyed it more before, when he used to sing out of tune (laughter).
Buddha Shakyamuni went to the Dragon King's Palace to deliver the teachings, and Bodhisattva Nagarjuna went there to read the sutra. I could not say that I am the first person who has gone to the Dragon King's Palace, but my visit there in my meditation would have made me at least the third person to have visited there, after Buddha Shakyamuni and Bodhisattva Nagarjuna (audience applauds). The volumes of Buddhist sutra in the Dragon King's Palace are as vast as the ocean. According to my knowledge, it is four times as much as the Buddhist Canon in the human world! Since I have read all the Buddha sutra in the Dragon King's Palace, the amount of Buddha Dharma I know is therefore four times as much as the Dharma currently existing in the human world. If there is someone in this world now who calls himself a Buddha, then I am the Buddha of Buddhas (audience applauds).
The Secrets of Making a Wish with the Dragon King Yoga
Now this Dragon King Yoga is useful for more than just asking for rain. In the past, many eminent monks, such as the Reverend Monk Hsu Yuen (Empty Cloud), knew the methods to ask for rain. Even in Tantra, there are yogas for such purpose. If you all learn this Dragon King Yoga, you can all become great Dharma masters because, when you ask for rain, there will surely be rain, for as long as the Dragons come and make a somersault, then it will rain! However, this Dragon King Yoga is not merely for asking for rain; it can also bring you fortune since the Dragon King is a wealthy king of the ocean. Jambhala is the greatest wealth deity in the sky, and Dragon King is the greatest wealth god in the ocean. Very few people know of this secret. Today I am telling everyone, so you all have another way of making more money (audience applauds).
I am sure that after this Dharma teaching, all the Dragon King vases in Hong Kong will be sold out! You see, in order to cultivate this yoga, one needs to offer a Dragon King vase to the Dragon King. A wish may be asked and that wish will be fulfilled. Now I am going to talk about the secrets of these Dragon King treasure vases and the secret of making the wish. As you know, sometimes when we ask something from the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, our wishes are not always fulfilled. However, a wish made to the Dragon King will definitely be fulfilled. There is a secret method of how to realize a wish. Everyone here tonight will know of this secret, while those not present will not. You have to keep this a secret (laughter); otherwise, if too many people hear of it, then the Dragon King will be so inundated with requests that he won't be able to handle them (laughter).
The fewer people who know of this secret, the faster the Dragon King will be able to fulfill the wish.